Release v0.4.0 (#386)
objectionary/normalizer: eo-phi-normalizer/CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to the
[Haskell Package Versioning Policy](https://pvp.haskell.org/).

## v0.4.0 — 2024-06-03

> This version supports fast dataization with built-in rules and improves metrics with both built-in and Yegor's rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This version supports fast dataization with built-in rules and improves metrics with both built-in and user-defined rules (via YAML).
```
